Split specification refactoring (#5150)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/ops/movement/Split_1.md

**Short description**: *Split* operation splits an input tensor into pieces of the same length along some axis.

**Detailed Description**

*Split* operation splits a given input tensor `data` into chunks of the same length along a scalar `axis`. It produces multiple output tensors based on *num_splits* attribute.
The i-th output tensor shape is equal to the input tensor `data` shape, except for dimension along `axis` which is `data.shape[axis]/num_splits`.

\f[
shape\_output\_tensor = [data.shape[0], data.shape[1], \dotsc , split\_lengths[axis], \dotsc data.shape[D-1]]
\f]

Where D is the rank of input tensor `data` and `split_lengths[axis]` represents:

\f[
split\_lengths[axis] = data.shape[axis] / num\_splits
\f]

> The sum of `split_lengths` along output shapes must match `data.shape[axis]`.

Reviewer: I would recommend this sentence to be replaced with something like "The axis being split must be evenly divided by *num_splits*" and remove variable "split_lengths" at all and in the formulae for "shape_output_tensor" just use "data.shape[axis] / num_splits" instead of variable  "split_lengths"

Author: Done

**Attributes**

* *num_splits*

>   * **Description**: number of outputs into which the input tensor `data` will be split along `axis` dimension

Reviewer: Add a sentence about evenly division.

Author: Done

  * **Range of values**: a positive integer less than or equal to the value of `axis` dimension being split over
  * **Type**: `int`
  * **Default value**: none
  * **Required**: *yes*

**Inputs**

* **1**: `data`. A tensor of type `T1` and arbitrary shape. **Required.**

> * **2**: `axis`. Axis along `data` to split. A scalar of type `T2` with value from range `-rank(data) .. rank(data)-1`. Negative values address dimensions from the end. **Required.**

Reviewer: Lets rename T2 to T_axis

Author: Done

> * **2**: `axis`. Axis along `data` to split. A scalar of type `T2` with value from range `-rank(data) .. rank(data)-1`. Negative values address dimensions from the end. **Required.**

Reviewer: We usually specify ranges like this `[-rank(data), rank(data) - 1]`

Author: Done

* **Note**: The dimension of input tensor `data` shape along `axis` must be evenly divisible by *num_splits* attribute.

**Outputs**

> * **Multiple outputs**: Tensors of type `T1`. The i-th output has the same shape as `data` input tensor except for dimension along `axis` which is `data.shape[axis]/num_splits`.

Reviewer 2: May be it will be better
```suggestion
* **Multiple outputs**: Tensors of type `T1`. The i-th output has the same shape as `data` input tensor except for dimension along `axis` which is `split_lengths[axis]`.
```

Author: I eventually removed this due to confusion. Please check if now is better.
